welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season 6 episode
13.
and remember you can watch all these new
episodes of fear the walking dead on amc
plus plus you can check out all their
other awesome shows and lose yourself in
their epic worlds this episode centers
on june she's coming back to the damn
settlement but morgan's like hey you
weren't there when grace needed you with
her baby and stuff so like i'm you're
not welcome here anymore so she goes off
on her own deciding she's gonna make
herself useful by researching the end as
the beginning group dwight shows up he
followed her out here to talk about
emotions and he brought sherry with him
who's like on a real mission to find
more gasoline there's someone else here
though wow wow they're getting shot at
while dwight and sherry are holding off
the walkers june goes to see who this
guy was she breaks into his rv and he's
got a whole like detective map on the
wall about the end is the beginning
people
turns out it is a grumpy old man who
assumed they were part of that group but
it's like now we're on the same
side and he's like well you better prove
it he's being kind of a dick so pretty
soon june pulls a pistol on him but it's
like whoa
where'd you get my pistol i'm john dory
what it's john dory from the future time
traveling here oh no it's john's dad
that makes more sense we get his
perspective now on the story we've
mostly heard from john jr about how he
abandoned the family when he was young
remember it all went downhill after the
case of a serial killer that his dad had
to plant evidence on to get put away
after that he felt bad started drinking
a lot and realized his family was better
off without him but turns out that
serial killer was theodore maddox yes
it's teddy the cult leader of the end is
the beginning crew
what a wild bunch of coincidences it's a
really small world in the zombie
apocalypse meanwhile dwight and cherry
are tracking down
june but cherry's just like in a huge
rush for some reason rides her horse so
hard it dies
twice like yosher are you okay ever
since they found her she's been so
angry didn't even want to rekindle their
relationship because she wanted to hunt
down virginia turns out defeating
virginia didn't make her feel any better
so she's decided she's gonna go back to
the source and take on her abuser
negan yeah she wants to drive back to
virginia and shoot him in the face
then maybe she'll feel better now june
and john senior have a plan they're
going to go back to john's cabin where
one of virginia's lieutenants is
probably hanging out and he might know
more about the n is the beginning group
they swing by the general store and
start to really connect about john even
though he's like you know abandoned him
and now he decides to abandon june 2.
yeah locks her in the back room like
it's for your own good and she's like no
it's not
stop abandoning people so old john makes
it to the cabin and finds this guy they
scuffle for a while
it's like what do you know about the end
of the beginning group and he's like um
you know nothing you know more than me
they scuffle some more but then john
cena's distracted by his son's tombstone
and oh this guy shoots him but then blam
he shot two dwight and jerry found june
and they made it here
june's able to patrol john up and then
they have the funeral for john jr they
never had
june reads the letter he wrote her
before he died and it's oh it's a
tear-jerker afterwards dwight and sherry
have a talk and she's like you know that
old guy's been hunting this same dude
for like 40 years maybe instead of
committing myself to vengeance i should
learn to let go and move on with my life
and dwight's like yeah girl that's what
i've been saying so june brings old john
back to morgan's hidden valley ranch
like yo what's up i found john's dad and
conveniently he knows all about teddy
the leader of this end is the beginning
group that we're fighting so like let's
work together and that's where episode
13 comes to an end
now you already know amc plus is the
place for all things the walking dead
but you also get access to a ton of
other great shows maybe you're into the
punk fantasy world of the watch where an
unlikely group of misfits have to find
the guts to save the world
a comedy adventure with wizards
werewolves and dragons i mean come on i
gotta check it out
discover the romance thriller a
discovery of witches where witches
vampires and demons live among us
a dangerous mystery and a forbidden
romance this kind of thing's my guilty
pleasure if horror is your thing you're
just in time for shutters halfway to
halloween month with a packed lineup of
new horror shows and movies catch new
episodes of creep show season 2 still
the most fun you'll ever have being
scared
looking for an action-packed crime drama
you gotta watch gangs of london
enter the violent streets of fictional
modern london as sean wallace hunts down
his father's killer and rises to the top
of the criminal underworld so click the
link in the description to sign up for
your seven day free trial of amc plus
now get all the walking dead content you
love
plus explore the rest of their epic
worlds if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tvn movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member